<Blue Bottle>

Title
Subtitle
Description
Preparation
Calories


Title: New Orleans-Style Iced Coffee
Subtitle: With milk, cane sugar, and roasted chicory

Description: New Orleans-style Iced Coffee is a sweet, creamy, decadent iced coffee that’s cold-brewed with roasted chicory, then cut with your choice of milk and cane sugar.

Preparation: Cold Brew
Calories: 60 -120


Title: Single Origin Cold Brew Can
Subtitle: A sippable pure iced coffee from Colombia

Description: This Colombia single origin forms the backbone of our cafes’ espresso. When cold-brewed over many hours, this sippable coffee shines alone.

Calories: 0


Title: Caffè Latte
Subtitle: Espresso sweetened with a long pure of steamed milk

Description: One of our most popular drinks, our latte turns our assertive, chocolatey Hayes Valley Espresso velvety-sweet with a long pour of densely steamed milk.

Preparation: Espresso
Calories: 100 - 230


Title: Cappuccino
Subtitle: Espresso balanced with a short pour of velvety steamed milk; sometimes called a “flat white”

Description: Our cappuccino is made in the modern style, balancing our full-bodied espresso with velvety steamed milk-not the stiff foam cap of yore. In specialty coffee circles this newer style is sometimes called a “flat white.” But we consider it the new cappuccino standard.

Preparation: Espresso
Calories: 45 - 140



Title: Gibraltar
Subtitle: Espresso topped off with steamed milk-our version of a cortado

Description: A Blue Bottle original, our Gibraltar is named for the beveled glass in which it’s served. An espresso topped off with steamed milk, our version of a Spanish cortado is built for immediate quaffing.

Preparation: Espresso
Calories: 40 - 80



Title: Caffè Mocha
Subtitle: Espresso with steamed milk and chocolate ganache

Description: The tradition of combining coffee, coffee, chocolate, and milk or cream dates back to eighteenth-century Turin’s Caffè al Bicerin. We source our chocolate from local purveyors, a different one in each city.

Preparation: Espresso
Calories: 210 - 360


Title: Shakerato
Subtitle: Espresso, milk, vanilla, and cane sugar hand-shaken over ice until chilled and frothy.

Description: A spin on a classic Italian iced-coffee treat, our seasonal shakerato contains espresso and milk lightly sweetened with earthy-sweet muscovado sugar, hand-shaken over ice until chilled and frothy.

Preparation: Espresso
Calories: 60 - 160


Title: Americano
Subtitle: Espresso pulled over hot water

Description: Similar in strength to a pour over, our Americano also boasts the rich flavor of our bold, ristretto-style espresso.

Preparation: Espresso
Calories: 0  - 70


Title: Iced Americano
Subtitle: A chilled version of our Americano

Description: Our iced Americano is espresso pulled over cold water, served over ice.

Preparation: Espresso
Calories: 0


Title: Iced Caffè Latte
Subtitle: A chilled version of our cafe classic

Description: A chilled classic for a hot (or any) day: Our Hayes Valley Espresso pulled into your choice of milk. Served over ice.

Preparation: Espresso
Calories: 60 - 110


Title: Iced Caffè Mocha
Subtitle: A chilled version of our mocha

Description: We source our chocolate from a local purveyor, so our ganaches are unique to their neighborhoods. It’s just right for those mornings-and afternoons-when you need a slightly sweet lift.

Preparation: Espresso
Calories: 260 - 310



Nutrition Policy
Please be advised our food and drinks may contain allergens because we use shared equipment to store, prepare, and serve them. 2,000 calories a day is used for general nutrition advice, but calorie needs vary.